No. Don't go.
If this button is pushed,
the dorm will explode.
Right?
Eun Yeong-ro!
Please believe me.
I don't want to make you suffer anymore.
The party considers the people
as its children. They'd never abandon you?
You really think so?
If you want to go back alive,
just do as I say.
If you don't,
you can just forget about negotiation.
Bring me proof that what you say is true.
Hard evidence that
our countries are scheming to kill us all.
What are you going to do in here?
Be honest with me.
-Are you willing to kill the students too?
-They're not
planning to kill the students, are they?
Let's save the students together.
How about you use me?
Then before that,
there's something you need to know.
We might all be killed?
Eun Yeong-ro ran away.
I must find you first to save you.
BONUS
Yeong-ro, close the door.
Pi might smell it and wake up.
Don't worry, Hye-ryeong.
I checked that
the hall director wasn't in her office.
Fine. Hurry up.
Hey, your partner is really hot.
Set me up with his friend.
Yes. Set me up too.
-Please?
I'll talk to him when he calls me.
-Great!
His friends? He's being chased--
I haven't seen that necklace before.
-Did he give it to you?
-Really?
Oh, my. I'm so jealous!
Good for you!
That's pretty. What bird is it?
A dove.
-Isn't this a bit salty?
-Yes.
Translated by [Wayne Ryu]